## ERC777 and ERC1363

## ERC777 summarry

This standard defines a new way to interact with a token contract while remaining backward compatible with ERC-20.

The primary motivation behind implementing ERC777 tokens lies in their ability to mimic the behavior of native token transfers. By triggering smart contracts upon token reception, developers can execute specific logic to enhance functionality and create more dynamic token interactions.

It takes advantage of ERC-1820 to find out whether and where to notify contracts and regular addresses when they receive tokens as well as to allow compatibility with already-deployed contracts.

These hooks introduce a new attack vector which can potentially affect smart contracts that are not designed to handle additional calls during token transfers.

ERC20 tokens just update balances during transfers.
But ERC777 tokens do it this way:

* Make a hook call to an address chosen by the token sender
* Update balances
* Make a hook call to an address chosen by the token receiver

All ERC777 tokens are linked to the Registry contract ERC1820. 
This address is used by ERC777 tokens to store preferred hook receivers. These preferred hook receivers are called “interface implementers”.
It means that transaction initiator can choose some contract as interface implementer and it will receive hooks if transaction initiator receives or sends ERC777 tokens.
After we set the implementer for some ERC777 token, that implementer will receive calls even if other ERC777 tokens are transferred for same address. This is due to the fact all ERC777 tokens share the same Registry address to store hook preferrences.


## ERC1363 summarry

The ERC1363 is an ERC20 compatible token that can make a callback on the receiver contract to notify token transfers or token approvals.
It means that we can add a callback after transferring or approving tokens to be executed.

This is an implementation of the EIP-1363, that defines a token interface for EIP-20 tokens that supports executing recipient contract code after transfer or transferFrom, or spender contract code after approve in a single transaction.

